config guide updates for mjs and other guide fixes (#4385)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/references/configuration.md

title: Configuration
---

## Configuration File

Launching the Cypress App for the first time, you will be guided through a
wizard that will create a Cypress configuration file for you. This file will be
`cypress.config.js` for JavaScript apps or `cypress.config.ts` for
[TypeScript](/guides/tooling/typescript-support) apps. This file is used to
store any configuration specific to Cypress.

Cypress additionaly supports config files with `.mjs` or `.cjs` extenstions as
well.

> Using a `.mjs` file will allow you to use
> [ESM Module](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules)
> syntax in your config without the need of a tranpiler step.
> 
> A '.cjs' file uses the [CommonJS](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) module
> sytntax, which is the default for JavaScript files. All JavaScript config
> examples in our docs use the CommonJS format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a `.mjs` file will allow you to use
[ESM Module](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Modules)
syntax in your config without the need of a transpiler step.

A '.cjs' file uses the [CommonJS](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html) module
syntax, which is the default for JavaScript files. All JavaScript config
examples in our docs use the CommonJS format.
```

@elylucas I noticed a few typos -- it might be helpful to install a spell checker to your code editor. I use [Code Spell Checker](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=streetsidesoftware.code-spell-checker) for VS Code. It helps a ton!

cypress run --browser firefox --config viewportWidth=1280,viewportHeight=720
```

### Specifying an Alternative Config File

> You can change which Config file Cypress will use with the

Reviewer: This was mentioned above on line 267.
